contacts(1) -- Command line interface to OS X Address Book.
===========================================================

## SYNOPSIS ##

`contacts` [`-h`] [`-v`] [`-m`] <query>  

## DESCRIPTION ##

`contacts` is a command line program for interfacing with the Mac OS X Address Book database.  The required argument *query* is the search term.  Results are displayed one to a line with email address first followed by the name.  First name, last name, nickname, and email addresses are currently searched.

`contacts` can also output the members of Address Book groups.

`contacts` is designed to be used in conjunction with `muttqt`, the mutt query tool (see [REFERENCES][]).

## OPTIONS ##

The options are as follows:

* `-h`, `--help`:
  Display help.

* `-v`, `--version`:
  Display version and build number.

* `-a`, `--alias`:
  Prints results in mutt alias or address group format.  This is useful for outputting all or some of your Address Book contacts for inclusion into your mutt rc files.

* `--all`
  Prints all Address Book entries.

* `-g`, `--group`:
  Prints all email addresses of the members of search for group.  The search term must be exact.  For groups with spaces or non-alphanumeric characters, enclose in quotes.  If no search term is entered, `contacts` will print all groups.

  When used in conjunction with the `-a` or `--alias` option, `contacts` will output the results in mutt address group format.

* `-m`, `--mutt`:
  Print results in a mutt query compatible format.  This merely adds a header line to the results.
  
## EXAMPLES ##

- Search for any contact that has 'mike' in it.

  contacts mike

- Search for any contact that has 'mike' in it with mutt query compatible output.

  contacts -m mike

- Output the addresses which are part of the 'work' group.

  contacts -g work

- Output all contacts in mutt compatible alias format for inclusion in a mutt rc file.
 
  contacts -a --all

- Output all groups in mutt compatible address group format for inclusion in a mutt rc file.

  contacts -a -g --all


### Mutt rc examples ###

The following lines can be included in your .muttrc file.

- To source all contacts into a mutt compatible alias file on the fly:
  
  source \`contacts -a --all > ~/.mutt/aliases-ab; echo ~/.mutt/aliases-ab\`
  
- To source all groups into a mutt compatible file on the fly.

  source \`contacts -a -g --all > ~/.mutt/aliases-abgroups; echo ~/.mutt/aliases-abgroups\`
  
`contacts` is designed to be used in conjunction with `muttqt`, the mutt query tool.  For information on how to integrate `contacts` with `muttqt` and mutt, see the `muttqt` project page in [REFERENCES][].
  
## REFERENCES ##

- `contacts` project page - <https://github.com/tgray/contacts>
- `muttqt` - <http://tgray.github.io/muttqt/>
